---
title: "EXCLUSIVE: an OpenAI x Nate Conversation on Atlas, AI Agents, and the Future of Work"
video_id: "8tfqsGDCCb4"
youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tfqsGDCCb4"
substack_url: "https://natesnewsletter.substack.com/p/exclusive-openai-x-nate-full-hour?r=1z4sm5&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web&showWelcomeOnShare=true"
publish_date: "2025-11-11"
duration: "24:44"
duration_seconds: 1484
view_count: 9789
author: "AI News & Strategy Daily | Nate B Jones"

yt_tags:
  - "AI agents"
  - "OpenAI"
  - "ChatGPT Atlas"
  - "agentic browser"
  - "LLMs"
  - "automation at work"
  - "future of work"
  - "browser engineering"
  - "Chromium"
  - "AI product development"
  - "web browsing AI"
  - "browser security"
  - "AI shopping assistant"
  - "Ben Goodger"
  - "browser history"
  - "AI assistant tools"



# AI-enriched metadata
content_type: "Tutorial"
primary_topic: "AI Agents"
difficulty: "Intermediate"
audience:
  - "Engineers"
  - "Executives"
  - "Product Managers"
entities:
  companies:
    - "OpenAI"
    - "Google"
    - "GitHub"
    - "Box"
    - "X"
    - "YouTube"
  people:
    []
  products:
    - "Make"
    - "Atlas"
  models:
    []
concepts:
  []
summary:
  - "# EXCLUSIVE: an OpenAI x Nate Conversation on Atlas, AI Agents, and the Future of Work

This is a good one, guys"
keywords:
  - "ai-agents"
  - "ai-news"
  - "atlas"
  - "box"
  - "career"
  - "coding"
  - "github"
  - "google"
  - "leadership"
  - "make"
  - "openai"
  - "product-management"
  - "x"
  - "youtube"
---

# EXCLUSIVE: an OpenAI x Nate Conversation on Atlas, AI Agents, and the Future of Work

This is a good one, guys. I got to sit down with Open AAI's Ben Goodger, the lead engineer building the Atlas browser for OpenAI. We had a really wide-ranging conversation. We talked about the history of browsers. Ben, of course, has been involved in building Chrome, been involved in building Netscape Navigator for those of you with gray hairs, and now he's taking the lead on building the AI powered browsers of the future at OpenAI. So, I had a lot of fun. We talked about what the future looks like. We talked about security implications. We talked about the way we get work done and how that's changing. It was a super wide-ranging conversation. I put a cut up here uh on YouTube and if you want the full cut, of course, you can go over to Substack. Uh enjoy and uh yeah, let's talk about AI powered browsers. Hey all, I'm Nate and I have a special guest with me today. Uh Ben, why don't you introduce yourself? >> Hi, I'm Ben and I am the head of engineering for Chat GPT Atlas here at OpenAI. And how did you get to be head of engineering at JIGBT Atlas? >> I've always been interested in the web, web browsers, uh going back to I guess like the mid to late 1990s when the web was first developing. Uh I was like a hobbyist web developer building sites just for fun. Uh and early in my career I got involved with Mozilla was open source project made contributions to that ended up getting hired by Netscape. Uh and so I came I was grow I grew up in New Zealand. Uh I I moved up to to Silicon Valley for a period of time. Got to see Netscape in its final days which was an interesting experience. But ended on ended up moving on to Mozilla where I helped work on Firefox the first version of that. Uh and then moved to Google. I was at Google for nearly 20 years. Helped build the Chrome browser there. And then about um almost 18 months ago I came over to OpenAI. uh is very interested in exploring what the web would look like if you see it through the eyes of maybe having an assistant like chat GBT really at the core of the browsing experience. Uh and so since then have been trying to to build that and we built uh we shipped our Atlas product for a Mac a couple weeks ago which is really exciting. I am really curious to hear, you know, you've shared a bit about what made it compelling for you to come to OpenAI, the sort of the piece of having intelligence on the web. What is it that you felt like you learned or that crystallized for you along that journey over the last 18 months that gave you a sense of clarity about what you wanted Atlas to be and where you wanted to take Atlas? I think that, you know, the Atlas product, you know, at face value, it kind of resembles a traditional browser. And I think that that's important because everyone knows what a browser is. Everyone uses a browser on a on a, you know, pretty frequent basis. So, I think there was an aspect of we need to build something that people can understand. Um, even as we try and bring really advanced capabilities into it. Uh and then the other thing that I've learned is that the pace of development of the the tech that is happening here at OpenAI is just so incredibly fast uh that even some of the you know limitations that you might see you know one month you know won't be there the next month. So just you know as we've built features like agent seeing that come together seeing that get much much faster get much more accurate um at at clicking on things and doing stuff for you on the web. Uh, so I I I've learned to be more um uh you know, I'm an optimistic person by nature, but I like even more optimistic about about where this tech is going and what types of product experiences that that will enable. Uh what is it about your working style or the team's working style that has shifted over the last 18 months as you've been working on building this browser? Now you know for me when I joined uh you know I'm the team manager but you know also like when I was the first person here working on this I was also writing you know code doing prototypes that type of thing uh I used chat tbt early on extensively to help me learn new programming languages and like really get up and running again like but then as we had more and more engineers join the team and then we've also launched products like codeex we've gone on the evolution of codec especially codec cli I would say in the past couple of months even codeex is like really changed the way in which we work and uh what we see is that people that are using codeex are just like so much more productive and I think there's an aspect to codeex which is you know it allows people who don't code that much to do a little bit of coding but it also helps very experienced engineers get way more done and I think that's what I'm really excited about uh because a really experienced engineer can kind of steer codecs and and and be like just monstrously productive is that you just sort of situation where you see engineering productivity patterns starting to shift toward multi-threadedness. One is to sort of understand how software that exists works and another is to um prototype a new idea to see if it is you know sort of the juice is worth the squeeze uh if you like. Uh and then lastly it's to actually get the work done um for for implementing the new feature. uh we work in these large code bases sometimes actually usually the documentation isn't where it needs to be or the documentation is out ofd or that that type of thing you know codeex or other similar tools can read much more quickly than you can and give you like a pretty good answer very fast so I have an idea for the product and I think well maybe this is like super interesting and I could spend a bunch of time on it I can throw together a prototype and codeex and decide hey this doesn't quite work the way I want it to uh and so maybe I'll I'll choose something else uh to focus on and then lastly you know some of our most experienced, most productive engineers are just using it to build features uh in the drive. You know, either refactoring code or just building like the front-end code itself or you know, any any aspect of the feature really. I think that gets a use case I actually had for Atlas today. Um, which was really interesting to me. Uh, I was looking at a GitHub repo and I was running through and I was like, I want to get a sense of what's in this GitHub repo really quickly. What if I just have Atlas look at it and I put the assistant up on the side and I just have a conversation with Atlas about the repo. And what I found was there was this sort of magic that happened when I was in Atlas because I was working with sort of that uh there's sort of a magic to code comprehension I'm finding with some of sort of the way Chad GPT like touches and plays with code. it was able to like click through, take control of the screen, look at all of the different files in the repo, and it came up with some really, really thoughtful questions that enabled me to get much more fingertippy with the code much more quickly. It was one of those magic moments for me. So, I think the browser, it's it's so simple, it almost sounds silly, but like reducing the friction for a user to access some of this magic, it can feel like making the magic available like in the first place. You know, I've always been able to take a web page, maybe you could print it as PDF or you could copy and paste it and paste it into a into a into chatbt, but that's just like a few extra steps. And when you can just bring this up, you know, in situ and ask the question directly, it's it's like it, you know, suddenly it's it's there. One of my favorite use cases has been shopping. You know, I could do a lot of online shopping when I'm not not working. Sometimes I'd be looking at a product and I can ask the sidebar, is this sort of the best price that I can find on this thing? And there, you know, when paired with our search agent, like it will go off and like browse the web and find out if there really is that is the best price or if there's a better deal on it somewhere. I had one case where it actually it hit really well. I was looking at a pair of shoes uh and it found the shoes available from a different site for about $60 less. Wow. >> And that was one of those like really kind of wow moments. >> Yeah. I there's something around habit formation where when you get that dopamine hit of wow, this is really easy. this is something that I didn't realize I could do. What were some of the things that your team really had to wrestle with around trade-offs and decisioning to make that browser come to life? One is the product design itself and then the other is the the technical infrastructure and all the magic that went into it. So with the product um we wanted to design something that was really useful but also felt familiar. Like I said everyone kind of knows what a browser is. Um, we had, you know, lots of debates about how we should design features like basic aspects of the browser. I think there was a lot of room for innovation in those areas, but it's also a bit of a double-edged sword. So, we've tried to find a balance between something that feels familiar uh and yet still has has some improvements for for folks that are, you know, looking to find more efficient ways to get stuff done. And then on the technology side, uh this is where you know we spent a lot of time both on the more traditional browser infrastructure building on chromium as well as how we built some of the more cutting edge features like agent. We want to build a product that feels very fluid and fast. Uh and we also wanted to build a very cutting edge kind of product user experience and just sort of the standard way in which a lot of Chromium browsers are built just don't make that super easy to access. So we built a a a unique way of holding Chromium. It's almost sort of agentic uh in in form. We run Chromium as an outofprocess service so that when you start Atlas, you're not actually blocked on Chromium starting up. So the browser can start very very fast. Uh and sort of takes however long it takes to start up. And then when you run a feature like agent, it is doing things like synthesizing input events to click on things. um we're able to do that in a very robust and secure way. So there's a bunch of stuff uh like that that we've done. We posted a we did a technical blog post recently that uh that covered this in some more detail. But yeah, we're pretty excited about that. Yeah, I recommend if if folks listening have not read the technical blog post, if you're at all technically minded, it's a super interesting read. I'm I'm sort of curious given your experience and sort of all the different browsers you've worked on, to what extent does Atlas feel like a fully solved problem, feel like a partially solved problem? Are there pieces of it that you're really excited to dig your teeth into next? Uh, yeah, I I I think this is really the first step in a in a long journey. Like when I talk to people about this, you know, if I'm talking about browser history, I would say this is like the Netscape 1.0 moment for this new era of like Agentic browsers. Um we're excited to um get get the agent feature out there. Uh but it's also very much sort of a research preview. We are discovering use cases for it. Uh we're also like really enthusiastic to hear how other people are using it and and and we expect to make a lot of improvements uh both to the you know the the experience the sort of accuracy speed. Most most folks uh haven't seen this type of functionality in a browser before uh and so we think it's really important to uh bring people along you know with with this with this thing. You're very used to clicking on things yourself. So having a tool that can do that on your behalf um you know is both exciting sometimes maybe a little intimidating. So we want to like be very clear about how the product works. So the first time you use this we give you sort of this nice disclosure that tells you you know what what its capabilities are and we give you some options too. You can choose for example uh if you want the agent to run with your logged in sites just like it really was browsing as you you can make that choice or you could choose for example to have it run logged out and then you have to be very explicit about what sites you want it to log into and you go and log into those yourself and so there's choices like that for example that help people you know have whatever their comfort level is uh to apply that to their use of the product. >> Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Is there a use case that you heard from the wild post launch that was most surprising or interesting to you? Well, there's stuff that I think yeah, super cool. Like I said, I was like an online shopping uh fiend and I'm like, "Wow." Like, I used to have to go and have a different tab where I'd go and search for those things and then go and try them back one by one. And so, the fact that you could just kind of set this and forget it and then it would try them all and then pick the best one, that was pretty pretty cool. Um, yeah. And then like not personal use case but more like work use case. Um you know I obviously had been diving through a lot of um feedback for from our launch the other week. So I wanted to come up with like a quick survey. Uh and so I I had this discussion with chat GPT about some good good questions. Uh and then I asked the agent to go off and make a Google form. Uh so I could do the survey. And you know I've used Google forms a bunch. It tends to be a bit finicky, the different types of question formats and other stuff, but Agent just figured it all out for me. And you know, a few minutes later, I came back, I had this form, I could just publish it right away. I can think of a lot of government websites that are very frustrating to use that feel like they were built in the 1990s that for me fall into that category. Um, yeah. So then if we switch modes a little bit about the security side of things and how you think about security with LLMs in the browser specifically and there are divergent opinions ranging from this is an impossible solve to this is tractable to we can make progress in this area. How do you think about it as a problem space? >> Yeah. Yeah. I think this is interesting for for agent which is like a net new capability and and both the technologies evolving. We we expect to do a lot of work on it uh you know over the next while. Um I talked before about um just sort of the onboarding and some of the choices you have about uh you know what what sort of site access it has if it's uh authenticated or not. There's a few other mitigations that we have in place like if it's going to do something sensitive uh on your behalf like be in your email. Uh yeah it's going to want you to watch it. Now I the analogy I give for this is I have a car that has this sort of auto drive functionality. I'll be there on the highway and I can turn on the the the cruise control and it will you know even take the wheel and steer it a little bit uh for me. But it in in return what it wants is that I keep my eyes on the road uh and it has this little camera in the dashboard somewhere that like will will shut it off if I'm not paying attention. And so similarly in in Atlas, if you were having the agent do work in one of these sensitive contexts like your email, uh it wants you to be on that tab paying attention. If you switch away, it's going to stop. And then another thing that we have is like if you ever been in a machine shop and worked with a big piece of lathe or something else, there's usually like a big red button somewhere that if it starts doing something you don't want to do, it's very clear. You hit the red button and it stops. And so the agent has that, too. Uh and so if you see it doing something that you don't want it to do, then you just hit stop. Um these are good tools uh to have and I think will help people get confidence that they you know you're the one that's still like in control um of how it works. Yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense. I think that this is a moment where we have a it's new again um and we have the opportunity to revisit a lot of these sort of foundational primitives. I think that sort of brings me to an interesting question. It feels to me like there's an opportunity for shifting the browser experience further. But I I'm curious if you turn on the high beams, to use the car metaphor. What is what does that look like for you? >> One of the things I thought was special about the early web was the fact if you go back to that time in the 1990s, you think about how people got software, it was to go to a store, you drive to a store, you buy a box of a product with some shrink wrap, and you take the discs out and you install it. Uh, and then you think about the web where you just click on stuff and it comes up on your screen. Like that was pretty magic. And then that aspect of using the web where you just go from site to site. It actually what resonated with me was that it felt kind of like how my mind worked. Now if you fast forward to LLMs today, it is an even more accessible I can just talk to this thing uh and this thing will figure out kind of what to do. That's maybe like an idea of what the the future looks like where instead of having to dig through a bunch of settings menus, you can just tell the system what you want from it and it will just figure out how to do it. Uh, and then if I sort of extrapolate from there, I actually think like a lot of what people struggle with on a day-to-day life is is um in their day-to-day lives is ambiguity. Um, like there's this thing that I want, but I don't quite know how to do it. When I first started using ChatgBT, it was kind of like a friend. it would say, "Oh, if you want to do this, you should, you know, think about taking one of these three steps." For something that, you know, is about betterment of yourself, maybe, you know, you should go do those things. But for a lot of things that are more tactical, like it would be great if your agent could just go off and do that thing for you and report back on the status of it. And so, I think, you know, maybe there's some version of the future, but even though I say that, I also think that people will continue to browse the web themselves because there's stuff that as humans we want to do. We want to be entertained. We want to create things. Yeah, that that's a really sort of rich area to dive into. It felt like there were sort of two big buckets that browser work falls into. There's the delight bucket where you're you're trying to learn, you're trying to be curious, you're you want to be surprised and then there's the oh gosh, I don't want to do this and I would prefer to avoid it and could someone please take care of that part for me? Mhm. >> And as I was reflecting, it's pretty easy to make the case from an agent perspective that the not fun part is something ideally in a perfect world you'd want the agent to just go and take care of for you. But the fun part to imagine is how could an agent also enrich that delightful side of things. >> Yeah, totally. Like I I I definitely think you know that trying to reduce toil is like something that we definitely want to support. browsers have been evolving for 25 30 years. What does it look like to take the next step in that process and what is the direction the trajectory that is changing? And I find that super fascinating because I think we are at an inflection moment. Um, you know, when I think about the early web, you know, a lot of the focus back then was just, you know, helping people understand those those links uh that are out there and clicking on links and going from place to place. We could go and find like collections of links that people had an opinion about if they were good or not. As the web scaled that stopped working and then you got search and then search was transformative because it helped you find like the little piece of information or the website that you wanted to go to. People started building these rich apps and then as you point out yeah inflection point now we're in this new stage. We like made the way in which we can interact with this technology just radically more human and we can scale up the capabilities of the platform and the platform will be able to do things on your behalf. I think this is really the third phase uh of the web. >> Yeah, it's super exciting. >> There's some some UX that we're exploring around it a few different ways, but there's some compelling use cases like I think I I ran into this before launch when I was trying to um you just sort of synthesize a single document from a bunch of different sources that were opened in tabs and then it wouldn't work. So, I kind of wanted I don't think it's even a fixed number of tabs. It's like I wanted you know n basically you know subject like context window size. Um but but yeah, >> we talked about ways of working and how the team is using codecs a little bit. One of the things I've been hearing really consistently from small companies, large companies, individuals is that it feels like roles are blurring as we lean into LLMs more and more and more. And I'm curious if you look at the roles on your team and how they're evolving as you guys work, you know. Yeah. So um the every engineer on our team is a product engineer basically. This is someone that like really thinks about the breadth of the the experience. Every engineer on the team is empowered to to sort of own the design and development of a feature. And so all of our engineers are talking to users uh reading feedback you know figuring out how to integrate it into a future update. Um we have a bunch of tools. not super familiar with like all of the tools that we use, but I know that we use a bunch of, you know, LLMs basically to help us sift through feedback, get common themes, you know, that sort of stuff. So, that will help us, >> you know, understand like what the top pain points are uh that people are um talking about at scale, you know, through our user support forums and stuff like that. >> Yeah. No, it makes sense. If we pivot a little bit uh sort of back to the future, I would like to see this breakthrough happen or I would like to see this um technical challenge solved and then we will unlock this new experience. What pops out to you as significant milestones in the next call it 18 months to two years where you're really excited to see something unlock as we get to a particular capability. I think people will get more used to this more accustomed to this functionality and so they will seek to do more with it. That is from the customer side and then on the product side we will make that sort of magic more more real uh and sort of help you figure out the opportunities uh to to leverage that magic. Um the capabilities will continue to increase at a breathtaking pace. And so what I want to end up in is a place where uh you can really give this tool fairly ambiguous complex tasks and it will break it down and figure out how to make progress on your behalf. I used the word toil before. You know, how do we >> get rid of some of that that annoyance and and and make it just sort of more reliable, simple, trustworthy? uh you know these are these are things that that we want to do. >> I one of the things we haven't talked about that I'd be curious for your take on so much of our browsing happens on the phone. Are you guys thinking in terms of mobile? Yeah, that's another request that's coming in a lot. Uh we're trying to figure out the best way uh to bring this functionality to mobile. I think one of the observations that we have is that the way people interact with the web is a bit different on mobile. Um, so on the desktop platform, you know, the browser is like an embedded operating system. You know, all of your favorite apps for the most part are in the browser. Whereas on mobile, the mobile operating system itself is kind of like the browser. And so people tend to have, you know, relationships directly with specific apps. Uh, but then, you know, for the web, there's a couple of different use cases. One is I want to go and read a specific website uh that I don't have an app for. So then the the browser form factor makes a lot of sense. So I think we're just we're at a stage where we're figuring out like how we want to make browsing work uh on on the mobile device given these different use cases. The way mobile works implies dramatically different usage patterns. What it looks like from a small screen perspective to have the chat assistant there and the browsing experience. It's super interesting challenges to get into. >> Yeah, there's a bunch of also interesting stuff. think like voice is a very compelling u modality where if you load a page that you can ask follow-up questions and have all of that work. Uh I think we just need to figure out the right way to build that. >> And you know I I would be remiss if I didn't dive into one of the more interesting sort of the more interesting features that that that you've launched with Atlas that uh and that is that you guys bring in the chat GPT memory from previous chat GPT conversations and that is part of the browse experience. Uh, I'd be curious for like the product decisioning there and then how you how you think about that as an asset to the browsing experience and what that looks like. Well, the chat memory feature of Chat GBT is like an incredibly powerful one. Uh, and it means that like as you move from chat to chat that you don't always have to start from zero, but in some sense like makes it feel like it knows you um a bit better in that way. And that's a really interesting way in which the browser becomes more useful the more you use it. So, One thing I always love to do as we sort of bring this conversation to a little bit of a close. If you could say one thing that you feel like ah people didn't quite get that piece of the launch, I'd love to try and say it again and emphasize it. What would that be for you for Atlas? >> So for Atlas, I think that this is a it is a familiar tool but with this amazing new set of capabilities. >> Uh and so I encourage you to go and try it out for a whole bunch of different things. I would say even challenge yourself to ask more questions of it or things that even if you were thinking oh I don't need to ask that just try it out and see what it does I would say this is the beginning of a journey for us to to build this type of app uh we push a new build every week and so as we hear more feedback from you as you try it out and and do a lot of different interesting things uh we will make it better and better >> well thank you Ben thank you for coming and chatting >> yeah it's been great awesome I appreciate
